README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to developer-portfolio 👋</h1>
<a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a><a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a><a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/network"><img alt="GitHub forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a> <a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a>

## Software Developer Portfolio Template built with Next.js, bootstrap that helps you showcase your work and skills as a software developer.

<p align="center">
  <kbd>
    <img src="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/blob/master/picture.PNG"></img>
  </kbd>
</p>

### To view a live example, **[click here](https://developer-portfolio-1hanzla100.vercel.app/)**.

Just Edit `portfolio.js` to get your personal portfolio. Feel free to use it as-is or customize it as much as you want.

But if you want to **contribute** and make this much better for other developer have a look at [Issues](https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/issues).

If you created something awesome and want to contribute then feel free to open an [pull request](https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/pulls).

## Table of Contents

-   [Sections](#sections)
-   [Getting Started](#getting-started)
-   [How to Use](#how-to-use)
-   [Linking portfolio to Github](#linking-portfolio-to-github)
-   [Change and Customize](#change-and-customize-every-section-according-to-your-need)
-   [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
-   [Illustrations](#illustrations)
-   [For the Future](#for-the-future)
-   [Contributors](#project-maintainers)

## Sections

✔️ Summary and About me\
✔️ Skills\
✔️ Education\
✔️ Work Experience\
✔️ Projects\
✔️ Github Profile

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

You'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer.
<br>
**For Windows** Install Visual C++ Build Environment: [Visual Studio Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=BuildTools)

```
node@v10.16.0 or higher
npm@6.9.0 or higher
git@2.17.1 or higher
```

## How To Use

From your command line, clone and run developer-portolio:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd developer-portfolio

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

#Start's development server
$ yarn dev
```

## Linking Portfolio to Github

```javascript
  //  portfolio.js
  githubUserName: 'YOUR GITHUB USERNAME HERE',
```

#### Using Emojis

For adding emoji 😃 into the texts in `Portfolio.js`, use the `emoji()` function and pass the text you need as an argument. This would help in keeping emojis compatible across different browsers and platforms.

## Technologies Used

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
-   [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
-   [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/)
-   [react-reveal](https://www.react-reveal.com/)
-   [react-lottie](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie)
-   [react-easy-emoji](https://github.com/appfigures/react-easy-emoji)
-   [react-headroom](https://github.com/KyleAMathews/react-headroom)
-   [color-thief](https://github.com/lokesh/color-thief)

## Illustrations

-   [Lottie File Source](https://lottiefiles.com)

## For the Future

If you can help us with these. Please don't hesitate to open a [pull request](https://github.com/saadpasta/developerFolio/pulls).

-   Enable Dark Mode

-   Add More Sections

## Author

👤 **Hanzla Tauqeer**

-   Website: https://hanzla.netlify.app
-   Twitter: [@1hanzla100](https://twitter.com/1hanzla100)
-   Github: [@1hanzla100](https://github.com/1hanzla100)
-   LinkedIn: [@1hanzla100](https://linkedin.com/in/1hanzla100)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

Commit message:

Added Details for skill icons

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to developer-portfolio 👋</h1>
<a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a><a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a><a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/network"><img alt="GitHub forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a> <a href="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio"></a>

## Software Developer Portfolio Template built with Next.js, bootstrap that helps you showcase your work and skills as a software developer.

<p align="center">
  <kbd>
    <img src="https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/blob/master/picture.PNG"></img>
  </kbd>
</p>

## To view a live example, **[click here](https://developer-portfolio-1hanzla100.vercel.app/)**.

Just Edit `portfolio.js` to get your personal portfolio. Feel free to use it as-is or customize it as much as you want.

But if you want to **contribute** and make this much better for other developer have a look at [Issues](https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/issues).

If you created something awesome and want to contribute then feel free to open an [pull request](https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/pulls).


## Sections

✔️ Summary and About me\
✔️ Skills\
✔️ Education\
✔️ Work Experience\
✔️ Feedbacks\
✔️ Projects\
✔️ Github Profile

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

You'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer.
<br>
**For Windows** Install Visual C++ Build Environment: [Visual Studio Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=BuildTools)

```
node@v10.16.0 or higher
npm@6.9.0 or higher
git@2.17.1 or higher
```

## How To Use

From your command line, clone and run developer-portolio:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd developer-portfolio

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

#Start's development server
$ yarn dev
```

## Linking Portfolio to Github

```javascript
  //  portfolio.js
  githubUserName: 'YOUR GITHUB USERNAME HERE',
```

#### Using Emojis

For adding emoji 😃 into the texts in `Portfolio.js`, use the `emoji()` function and pass the text you need as an argument. This would help in keeping emojis compatible across different browsers and platforms.

## Technologies Used

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
-   [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
-   [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/)
-   [react-reveal](https://www.react-reveal.com/)
-   [react-lottie](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie)
-   [react-easy-emoji](https://github.com/appfigures/react-easy-emoji)
-   [react-headroom](https://github.com/KyleAMathews/react-headroom)
-   [color-thief](https://github.com/lokesh/color-thief)

## Illustrations

-   [Lottie File Source](https://lottiefiles.com)

## Icons
Iconify Icons are used in skill section. You can find all the icons here: [Iconify](https://icon-sets.iconify.design/).

## For the Future

If you can help us with these. Please don't hesitate to open a [pull request](https://github.com/1hanzla100/developer-portfolio/pulls).

-   Enable Dark Mode

-   Add More Sections

## Author

👤 **Hanzla Tauqeer**

-   Website: https://hanzla.netlify.app
-   Github: [@1hanzla100](https://github.com/1hanzla100)
-   LinkedIn: [@1hanzla100](https://linkedin.com/in/1hanzla100)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!
